OCCUPIED
So the other day this drunk says,
"You dropped this. Your high ball-"
+20%
FARE
PAY
You can let me off here.
I can take you home.
No, I have to stop by somewhere.
Please excuse me!
I'm so tired...
These after-work drinks...
They're awful.
I want to hurry up and go home.
And even if I can't go home,
I'd rather be working at the office.
Would you consider this sexual harassment?
Excuse me?!
Are you kidding me?!
Take me home?! What the hell?!
This quietness is the one good thing
about going out for drinks.
That place!
I wonder if it's still open?
Are you having trouble sleeping?
That feels so good!
Go ahead and let your voice out.
There! Right there!
I'll get her to clear this tiredness away.
U-um, welcome, miss.
Please, come in.
If you do this for me, I'll reward you,
by giving you another kiss.
Okay?
This is taking a while...
Shall we begin the Massage Course?
He made me wait this long,
and now he's acting all weird!
I really don't know about this!
Komori Housing Complex Council
Nazuna Nanakusa
Ko Yamori
Ano hi ringo no ki no shita kyouhan de
Fumi koete mita kyoukaisen
Suguni black out
A, oikari de...
Oitaterarete konna jigen e
Oretoshita koto ga
Ore gotoki desura
Ore ni kagitte iya
Masaka ne
Kimi no sei ni shita
Himitsu o teni shita
Ichijiku no ha ga migi hidari
Atto iuma me ga sameru
Kato omoeba sora ni ochite yuku
Nanto iuka yamerarenu
Mouhito kajiri
Again, Fallin' fallin' rasenjou ni ochiteiku matenrou ni mo
Fallin' fallin' futaribocchi kizukanai curtain call ni mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah doko made mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah kono mi makasete
Itsuno ma ni
Kizu ga umatteku yeah
Again, Fallin' fallin' rasenjou ni ochiteiku matenrou ni mo
Fallin' fallin' futaribocchi kizukanai curtain call ni mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah doko made mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah kono mi makasete
Itsuno ma ni
Kizu ga umatteku yeah
I SWEAR, this is not what one might think.
I'm not doing this because I want to be rewarded
with a kiss from Nazuna-chan.
This doesn't hurt?
Uh, no.
You could press harder, even.
Sure.
I was pressing pretty hard already.
About your share of the fee...
How about half of 4,000 yen?
2,000 yen sound good?
Getting paid 2,000 yen.
That's huge!
That's a lot of money!
Plus I feel bad about making Nazuna-chan
pay for all the things we do.
The money is what I'm after!
I'm definitely not taking over this massage
for some crude reason like just wanting a kiss.
Though I'm sure Nazuna-chan's got it wrong...
Um...
Because Nazuna-chan is indecent and a floozy.
Honestly, what am I going do with her?
Excuse me, I'm sorry if this is a rude thing to ask...
Uh, yes?
You look awfully young, but can I ask how old you are?
I'm fourteen.
Oh, can you get up for just a sec?
Uh, sure.
Let's see, what's next?
WHAT?! FOURTEEN?!
Yes!
You're in middle school?
Yes, in my second year.
Second year...
I never worked when I was in middle school.
This is my first day, actually.
Huh?!
Maybe he has some complicated reasons.
Maybe I shouldn't have said that.
Why are you working?
"Why", you ask?
Because I want the money?
It's not for a kiss.
Maybe it really is complicated.
That and...
Well, let's see...
There's this thing I want to do.
Something you want to do?
I stopped going to school,
and because I don't use the energy,
I couldn't sleep.
And for some reason,
I decided to go out alone at night for the first time.
I don't know what it is about it.
The same streets I always walk on seem oddly exciting,
just because it's at night.
I don't want to lose that feeling.
I want to enjoy the night.
I'm not sure I made any sense,
but that's the gist of it, I guess.
This area...
It's not a huge city so there aren't that many cars,
so you can walk right down the
middle of the road, huh?
Exactly!
It feels so free, you know?
Or you can even sing out loud.
And then get embarrassed when
you notice the people nearby!
When I was around your age, I thought the same thing.
That's ten whole years ago already.
I went out at night for the first time
and bought a pork bun and tea at a convenience store.
It felt like it was a private place, just for me.
I had forgotten about that.
Um, did I tell you my name?
Oh, I heard it from Nazu- from the boss.
Shirakawa-san, right?
My name is Ko Yamori.
Why did you stop going to school, Yamori-kun?
Because it got boring.
Oh, next let's take a little look at your hand.
"A little look"...
I may not look it, but I used to be a model student.
But well, I just got tired, I guess.
A model student?
How far you've fallen, up and about so late.
Me, too.
I'm just a bit tired.
That's why you came here?
Yeah.
The work itself is fun.
But the work can't be done alone, you know?
Taaaaaake thaaaat!
I deal with bosses, and colleagues.
I have to pretend I'm having fun...
and laugh even if something's not funny.
Uh...
I had forgotten.
I can't...
...take it anymore!
I don't wanna go to the office or for after-work drinks!
Uh... Um...
Incoming Call
THE BOSS
It's my boss.
Answering machine
message playing...
THE BOSS
I have to go back to the office...
What?!
Sorry, they always contact me at ridiculous hours.
And if I don't go, I'll get in trouble.
Thanks, you've done plenty.
Should I really let her go?
Well, she said herself that she has to go.
But I mean, if she leaves halfway,
maybe I won't get paid...
Wait, no.
That doesn't matter.
She's me!
This person is me.
She's the same as me!
Yamori-kun, can you step out of the room for a sec?
No.
You're not going anywhere.
You're going to sleep here!
The massage isn't over yet!
But, uh...
You are going to enjoy this night!
Nazuna-chan!
What?
Why are you holding the door closed?
I need you to do something.
Don't let this person...
go back to work!
Why?
Just do it!
Okay, whatever.
Just don't let her go to work, huh?
Open that window, Ko-kun.
Huh?
There.
Uh?
I toss'd her right out!
Wasn't there a better way?!
Wh-what?
What's happening?!
Am I gonna die?
Is this going to kill me?!
It's okay!
You won't die!
That's right, you won't.
I can't get up...
You okay?
Why would she be okay?
Kiyosumi-san...
I'm sorry for the rough handling.
But I thought it would be wrong to let you leave.
I didn't WANT to let you leave.
Why?
You were crying.
If something's so bad you cry,
you shouldn't have to do it.
You're still a kid.
You wouldn’t understand.
It's work - my job.
It's not the same as school!
The Boss
Subject: Re: Re: URGENT!!!!!
When the boss calls you, you have to go!
The Boss
Subject: Re: Re: URGENT!!!!!
A proper adult has to put up with stuff,
even if it's so bad you cry!
Hey now, that's not-
Nazuna-chan...
I want to be a vampire.
Huh?
Nazuna-chan is a vampire.
I'm planning to have her turn me into a vampire.
At least, it's obvious she's not human, right?
Like you say, I'm still a kid,
and I don't know anything about work or society.
I realize I'm naïve.
And probably crazy.
But!
Any boss calling you at this hour is even crazier!
It's 2 a.m., you know!
If you're going to be crazy anyway,
you might as well have fun!
Plus, vampires don't have to be rational.
Because they're not human.
This is such ridiculous logic.
Basically, he's saying he wants to be a vampire
so he can enjoy the night.
But I admit...
I envy that.
What are you saying?!
You're really weird!
Huh?! Well, I guess...
Why are you laughing?
I mean... I mean, THAT'S the reason
you want to be a vampire?!
That is some EXTREME logic!
Is it?
Maybe it is.
Well, you said it yourself.
You can walk right down the middle of the road.
How could you ever give that up?
You've got that right.
I remember this feeling.
It's not really allowed, but why is this so fun?
Probably because you're crazy too, Kiyosumi-san.
You're pretty cheeky.
But I can't keep doing this.
Because I'm an adult.
I'm going to go to work, after all.
I'm obligated...
and thanks to you I feel a lot less pressure now.
I hope you get to be one, a vampire.
I wish I could too...
Kiyosumi-san!
If I get to be a vampire, I'll turn you into one, too.
If you really need to, you can quit being human.
As long as you know that, won't things feel easier?
You know, that was a pretty bold declaration.
Huh? Why?
First of all, you don't even know
if you'll become a vampire,
and if you're gonna make that businesswoman
your offspring, well...
I mean...
I need to make her fall in love with me, right?
Don't say, "fall in love"!
It'll be fine.
Girls tend to like me, you know.
Wow, gross...
6th Night: Might as Well Have Fun
Good evening...
Hey, come up with something fun to do.
You sound like an evil tyrant in power.
Come on, offer up some ideas for once.
We'll get tired of the same thing every day, you know?
What about karaoke?
I don't feel like singing right now,
but yeah, stuff like that.
A movie?
A movie, huh?
Arcade?
Not bad, but...
Darts.
Skateboarding.
You know you don't do that.
Magic?
Oh, come on!
A-a nighttime pool maybe?
Are you serious?
A nighttime pool?
I'm sorry.
We're in for some mad vibes tonight!
Nazuna-chan's talking like a party girl!
What are you, the king of hip?
Huh? Y-yaay!
Time's a wastin'!
Let's dress to kill and get moving!
Uh, I only brought this tracksuit, though.
"So nighttime pools really are like this,"
was my first thought.
I also thought,
"I don't even have a swimsuit or anything,"
but we found out they apparently
rent them at the place.
This is a different kind of night and
entertainment from what I know.
A toast to your beautiful eyes.
It's so grown-up.
A toast to your reflection in them.
It's still a pool, but it's completely different
from swimming in phys ed.
The atmosphere's oddly ethereal.
I wonder what Nazuna-chan's swimsuit is like?
I'm excited, I guess?
Well, but that thing she always wears
under her jacket is like a swimsuit, anyway.
This doesn't feel particularly special.
'Suuup? Sorry for the wait.
Yo! What's with the bleak face?
That's not a swimsuit.
Huh? I'm wearing it underneath.
See?
I'm gonna go grab a drink.
They have booze here, too.
'Kay...
If anything, she's showing less skin than usual.
And yet, why?
Why is that more erotic than usual?
Hey, look.
Check out that cute chick.
Whoa, she's mad hot.
She really looks like a doll.
Think she's alone?
No way, look at her.
'Scuse me, I'd like a beer!
I guess Nazuna-chan really is cute.
She said before that vampires tend
to have attractive faces,
but somehow, I feel weird about this.
So many people's voices...
Hey, hey, hey, Miss.
You alone?
You're crazy cute.
Yeah, totally slaying it.
Th-they're hitting on her!
This kind of thing actually happens?!
Hey, where are you from?
How old're you?
Nah, I'm with someone.
What, really?
That's too bad!
You've still got a shot, Kyohei!
C'mon, hang with us!
Well, I guess if you're gonna pay for stuff,
I might think about it.
What, you serious?
What about your friend?
Dunno.
Maybe he left?
Like that would happen?
But hey, we're usually really lazy.
We don't hit on girls that often.
Yeah, that's right.
What is she up to?
Seriously, what?
So yeah, we wanna be friends.
My bad, guys!
He's here after all!
Sorry!
So she did have a guy.
Don't leave your girl alone, man!
Jeez...
Good luck, kid!
Hey, don't be mad!
I was just messin' with you a bit.
Ko-kun!
The nighttime pool...
It was just crowded and not fun at all.
Hearing what other people
thought of you wasn't fun,
and I'm tired from all the people.
Seeing them try to be friends with you so casually...
I kind of didn't like that...
Ko-kun...
Wanna swim, after all?
No, I'm all good-
Don't bite your tongue.
Wh-whoa! Whoa?!
What?! I'm scared!
C'mon, take a look Ko-kun.
It's a pool!
Hey! That's my school's pool!
Here we go!
Douse nara kimi no te o tsukande
I might as well grab your hand
Fudan to chigau michi erande
And choose a different path from usual
Escort suru kono runway
I'll escort you down this runway
Asphalt no red carpet
A red carpet of asphalt
Ogyougi yoku tachi naranderu
Standing prim and proper in line
That was so scary...
Gairojutach ga urayanderu
The trees on the street are envious
Tooku de kikoeteru siren
Hear the distant sirens
But it was fun, right?
Ushigaeru no makigoe ga kansei
The bullfrogs croaking sound like cheers
Denshinbashira no neiki ga
Telephone poles snoozing
Ko-kun...
Kansen douro no akubi ga
Highways yawning
Sorry.
I teased you again.
Utatane shita jihanki ga
Vending machines dozing
Shizuka ni kanaderu
A quiet melody
Well, whatever.
Shingouki no matataki
Traffic lights flashing
Gaitou no saeta me ga
Streetlamps with wakefule eyes
Today, what did I feel?
Mado ga kobosu itonami ga
Windows glowing with life
If I ask Nazuna-chan, will I find out?
Kirakira terashiteru
They glimmer and illuminate
Yofukashi no uta
Terashitette moonlight
Me o ubatte blue light
Neon sign ga yobu omote ura
Yofukashi no uta
Tsuresatte midnight
Chibashitta red eyes
Otona tachi no komoriuta
Gaki no koro kara yoru ga suki datta
Kuji ni neru no wa nanka iya datta
Nantonaku tada mottainakatta
Omae no koto ga motto shiritakatta
Hey hey
Iwayuru sanmon no toku
Nageuttedemo mitainosa motto oku no oku no oku
Iro koku himo toku
12 o'clock kara ushi no koku made
Hajimete omae o mataida no wa
Iya hajimete matagatta no wa tashika juushi
Ore wa nanimo shirane wannabe
Tetori ashitori subete ga atarashii
Sugata katachi ni sono kaori
Shizukesa ga niau sono kuroi hada ni
Sui komareteta temaneki sareru mamani
Sorekara omae wa ongaku o kureta
Onna no hadaka mo mishite kureta
Nonda koto nee sake ni kuchi tsukete
Oton no tabacco kusune hi o tsuketa
Yaccha ikenai ga afurete
Shiccha ikenai ni mamireteru
Mukae ni kuru yami ni magirete
Omae wa itsumo kimagure de
Yofukashi no uta
Terashitette moonlight
Me o ubatte blue light
Neon sign ga yobu omote ura
Yofukashi no uta
Tsuresatte midnight
Chibashitta red eyes
Otona tachi no komoriuta